Add installation instruction to the README (#38)
BHoM/Python_Toolkit: README.md

[![License: LGPL v3](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-LGPL%20v3-blue.svg)](https://www.gnu.org/licenses/lgpl-3.0)
## Install me
To install the Python_Toolkit:
1. Compile:  
    1. [BHoM](https://github.com/BHoM/BHoM)  
    1. [BHoM_Engine](https://github.com/BHoM/BHoM_Engine)  
    1. [BHoM_Adapter](https://github.com/BHoM/BHoM_Adapter)   
    1. [BHoM_UI](https://github.com/BHoM/BHoM_UI)  
	  1. [Rhinoceros_Toolkit](https://github.com/BHoM/Rhinoceros_Toolkit)  
	  1. [Grasshopper_Toolkit](https://github.com/BHoM/Grasshopper_Toolkit)  
	  1. Python_Toolkit (this repo)

> 1. Open ai UI of your choice (e.g. Grasshopper)

Reviewer: ai -> a

Author: ```suggestion
1. Open a UI of your choice (e.g. Grasshopper)
```

> 1. Run the `InstallPythonToolkit` component and wait for the installation to finish.

Reviewer: `BH.Engine.Python.Compute.InstallPythonToolkit`

Author: ```suggestion
1. Run the `BH.Engine.Python.Compute.InstallPythonToolkit` component and wait for the installation to finish.
```

> 1. he installation has succeeded if the packages installed are:

Reviewer: he -> The
"if the packages installed are:" -> "if the installed packages include:"

Author: ```suggestion
1. The installation has succeeded if the install packages include:
```

	  - Python 3.7
  	- jupyter
  	- matplotlib
  	- Python_Toolkit

> 1. Restart your UI

Reviewer: Restart your UI (in this case, both Rhino and Grasshopper)

Author: ```suggestion
1. Restart your UI - if using Grasshopper, restart Rhinoceros and Grasshopper
```

> To check that all went ok you can run the component `BH.Engine.Python.Compute.Import` with input a string `Python_Toolkit`,

Reviewer: To check whether all went well you can run the component `BH.Engine.Python.Compute.Import` with a input of a string as `Python_Toolkit`,

Author: ```suggestion
To check whether all went well you can run the component `BH.Engine.Python.Compute.Import` with a input of a string as `Python_Toolkit`,
```
